"Personal private Defensive Robotics - Using open engineering & Open Source A.I. Models & software. Built with military grade Hardware. Protects your Constitutional and God-Given Rights against ALL Threats & attackers! Evrn ones claiminb to be "Law Enforcement" when acting illegally & without a warrant. Can Decide in an millisecond to use Lethal Force to protect you so You Don't have to, using published & Public Threat-Response Rules & conditions, and action/response Constraints- in situations when you're under extreme risk or harm assaulted by multiple attackers. Manticore Robotics is designed to shield you from legal ramifications of discharging a weapon in self-defense by making the Rules & Boundaries clear to everyone and defined behavior in accordance with generally accepted Self-Defense principles and No First Initiation of Force, Castle Doctrine, and will audibly announce its presence and fire warning shots in most situations.

We are opposed to Surveillance, Police States, attemps like Palantir, U.S. ICE, and unlawful Abuses & Breaches of Power by Corrupt Federal Agencies and local & state actors.

The 1st & 2nd Amendment of the Constitution of the United States: Right to Free Speech & Right to Self Defense, & grassroots militia level National Defense, used to mean something! And we want to manifest a world where Future Generations can carry the Torch & spirit of Freedom, both in what remains of the United States and in other societies & Nations Globally. Everyone has a Right to Life, and freedoms that Shall NOT be Infringed.
